---
title: "Short story: A Sound Sleep"
date: 2022-07-06T18:16:11+05:30
draft: false
---

I've been a serial overthinker for most of my life, something that has yet to be in any use other
than stressing me out.

"Did I lock the door?" was my first thought as I laid on my soft velvety bed, "I must've" I
continued, lolling lazily on the bed, I heard people chattering outside my room, there were sobs and
there were remarks, all of them were too hazy and unclear for me to make out anything meaningful out
of them. "Did I have people over?" I wondered, "if I did have people over then why am I here
sleeping?" I debated if I should go out but I decided not to, simply because I felt tired and
exausted, "Eh, if I am not already there then it probably isn't important enough for me to join" I
reasoned as I lay with my eyes closed, I put my attention on other thoughts.

"What a crazy day had it been" I thought, about my daily routine, waking up, getting dressed for
work, dealing with my boss, "I wonder why luis has been acting suspiciously nice to me for a while"
Luis was my boss, and how most bosses were he was your typical entitled bossy boss, I continued my
thoughts, "That was real close with the window-pane falling out as I was leaned against it" It was
hard to remember any details after that, I did remember leaning against it, and nearly falling to my
death as it fell out, I struggled to remember anything after that, my thoughts were then interrupted
by a loud _Thack_ which I presumed to be my now closed front door, "Well the patrons must've left",
I then promptly fell asleep, I woke up to a slight thud, as my bed was shaken, "Huh, that was
strange, but it must've been my brain playing tricks on me" I reasoned, having heard crazy stories
about people
having vivid sensations in their sleep.

_Crash_ a loud crash shook me up, "I should really check up on what's going on" as I began to get
up, I hit my head on hard wood, it appeared as if I was in a box of sorts, I felt around the box it
was lined with soft velvet on the walls and a ceiling made up of hardwood that smelt of fresh paint,
I began to panick, _where was i?_ _what is this place?_ as thoughts buzzed around in my head, a
realization eased the slew of qustions and as I lay back, I remarked "Dead people don't have much to
worry about", as I went back to my eternal sleep.
