---
title: "Project Altum Vol 1"
date: 2022-07-08T19:03:15+05:30
draft: true
---

The world we live in is a strange place, it never fails to astound me as to how much of the very planet we live upon remains a mystery, heck, man has been to the moon, launched satellites that have have gone beyond our solar system, and yet we most of the earth remains unexplored; From the deepest of caverns to the blues of the ocean, a lot is left for us to discover. You might find is absurd as to why the government has no active projects that focus on exploring Earth, our strange blue rock, when in reality you can't even comprehend the scope of what our government is doing and has stumbled upon. I've been a part of the biggest of these missions, and I wish to uncover some of the many discoveries I made during my life working with the government.

<center>*First of January, 2002*</center>

It was a damp cold day, when I was called to report at DECIDE_LOCATION at around 5:00 am in the morning, at the time I was working as an assistant medic for the REDACTED army. I was awoken by the lead medic who in all fairness was my boss but prefered to be just called by his first name calling me "4:45" it said on the home screen, I picked up, "Yes Justin, who died today?", Justin clearly did not like my halfassed sense of humour and in a stern voice commanded me to report to the army hospital. Justin was a man of few words, he was the kind of guy who wore his confidence and accomplishments like a bow-tie, serious yet relaxed.

I got dressed up in my typical formal shirt and pant outfit, and headed out. We were provided with dormitories located near the army hospital, so that we could be called on the spot for any medical emergency, after a quick 15 minute walk I stood in front of the gates, the oddly enough only my boss's room was lit up, if it were an emergency the whole hospital would be bustling with activity. I swiftly made my way towards his office, and knocked, to which a heavy voice replied "Come in", as I entered the office I saw Justin pacing back and fourth in his room, with a cigar in his hands, If you ever see a cigar in a medic's hand you can be assured that something is seriously up. "Mike, I am going to keep it short, you and me are being assigned on a very high profile project, they won't reveal any details except that have to sign an NDA and leave for the airport immediately", I looked at him quizically, to which he responded "Look I understand how ambiguous this all is, and I am as confused as you are, but all I know is that they are paying VERY well", At that point I was overwhelemd by all the information hurled at me, but after mulling over it for a few moments I decided to impulsively reply yes, Justin nodded as he handed me a paper, it was a contract "This includes the NDA and the pay that we will get for each trip" I glanced over the payslip, and for each trip we would get $100,000 and extra compensasion for _any other mental or physical anguish caused in rew of the job_ This was more than enough, and me being a newbie I had yet to experience any thrill or adventure from my job, so I signed the papers and handed them to Justin, who bundled all the paperwork and kept it in his black suitecase, we then stepped outside the hospital, where I saw a black mercedes waiting for us. The trip to the airport was quite, the early morning sun had just started to peek from behind the horizon.

We arrived at the airstrip, it would make sense for the government carrying out such a secretive operation to not use any known military bases, this airstrip was located in middle of a farm, on the distance I could see a small dilapidated barn and wooden fencing. I followed my boss into the small yet powerful Cessna single-turbine airplane with "THE REDACTED GOVERNMENT" strewn across its fuselage. The pilot, looked back and shouted over the engine of the plane reverberating "She is ready to go".

The plane took-off, I observed the landscape below. A green carpet of farmland mixed in with roads lay as far as the eye could see, early morning sun basked in all its glory. I deicded to complete my interrupted sleep and dozed off. I was then awoken by my boss, "We have arrived, get up" he commanded I looked around to see we had landed in an identical airstip, in middle of a farmland with a dilapidated barn and rotten fencing near the horizon. We stepped down the plane a strong, heavily built man stood in front of us, dressed in a black suite with dark ray-bans to top the "FBI Agent" look off. "Hello Dr Justin and Mike, I am Dike, I work for the REDACTED government and I have been instructed to take you to the facility, I will explain you most of the details on the way" said the Man "Can you tell us where we are?" my boss asked "Dr, I urge to you save your questions for our trip, because we must hurry" Dike said sternly and strode across the strip and gestured towards a black mercedes. I followed Dike alongside my boss and we sat in the backseat of the car, my boss, took a deep breath as Dike reversed the car from the tarmac. "So what exactly is this all about?" I asked, "Dr Mike, you might be aware how most of our world remains a mystery to us, so around 7 years back the government began funding a new project codenamed 'Altum', its main goal was to try and explore our home planet, from the highest of cliffs to the deepest of oceans" replied Dike coolly. This just raised even more questions in my mind than answers, "So why do they need us all of a sudden? Did you run out of medics?" asked my boss, "Dr, you have been picked because of your expertise working in high stress situations", My boss had been in the field for 10 years and had been hired to do similar high profile missions before, or so the other nurses and doctors say, Asking him anything about his past results in him usually exiting from the room or simple ignoring the question altogether. "So is it some kind of expedetion?" I quizzed to which Dike responded "Doctor Mike, this project is far beyond an expedetion, it about taking control" "What do you mean by taking control?" I asked "Gentlemen, I am afraid I've already told you more than I was instructed to, you make do further questioning from Mr Wang, the head of the operation."

We must've driven at least around 15 Kms through empty ghost-roads among huge fields, it was then a manmade structure came into view, as drove closer it looked to be a victorian era mansion. the building looked old, with vines racing to climb up as far as the roof extended, the red-bricks weathered and cracked. However I noticed that all the windows of the house were blacked out which I found to be intriguing, I was shaken from my trance as Dike stopped in front of the mansion "Gentlemen, this is it." "What? This mansion?" asked my boss in a confused yet stern voice "Yes, walk up to the front door and knock to the beats of the song Firework and you will be admitted entry" as we stepped out from the sedan, Dike reveresed and sped the way we came. My boss opened the iron gate on the mansion's perimeter. he walked towards the door and knocked _duh-duh-duh duh duuudh duh duh_ the door was opened and an obese asian man wearing an oversized shirt opened the gate, he held a pack of soda in his left hand, I was taken aback by the sudden shift in the vibe, until this point we had met up with well dressed serious looking executives but here was this man. The man had a big smile as he put his hand forward "You must be the medics Dr mike and errr...dr....jona....?" "Justin" my boss said "Oh excuse me. Pleased to meet you doctors I am Wang, and I lead this operation" we stared at him for a moment, he then continued "Ah! well you probably did not expect to see a fat man leading a military operation eh? come in, I will explain you everything."

As we walked inside, the scene was a hard contrast to the appearing outside, it was as if the mansion had been returned to its kinship, the wall was covered by a fine red carpet, the living alone must've been the size of my studio flat, in middle of it was the sitting area, where four wodden couches with royal blue cusioning and a golden frame were kept around a glass center table, a grand piano was kept to the left of the seating area and a chandelier hung high on the roof of the mansion. "Since when did REDACTED started doing halloween?" I joked, to which wang laughed and replied "Well because this base belongs to my firm, you see, REDACTED has leased my firm tolead this project, and I happen to be a fan of victorian architechture" throughout all this my boss remained silent, looking around observing what in the world was the place we had just entered.

---

On that lazy tuesday morning the office was dull, the hangover from the previous
night of drinks and party had finally started to show its effects. At the time,
I was working for a private firm that specialized in supplying experimental
weaponry to the REDACTED government, you might think I get to look at cool guns,
and plasma shooters and lightsabers but it is quite the opposite, my job is to
handle the logistics, to make sure that the inventory is in-sync with our online
transactions and the weaponry databse. It was further in that day, that I had to
submit the monthly proposals and inventory billings to my immediate boss, as I
knocked on the fine manilla door, a heavy voice came from inside "You may come in" said Mike, who was the one I had to report to in the firm I worked for.

The world never fails to amaze or horify me, it is astounding as to how much of the very planet we
live in lays undiscovered, heck, the man has been to the moon but has yet to fully determine even
40% of what earth contains. From the cliffs of canyons to the deep blues of the ocean, the world
Working for the millitary, this was not new, the government carries out several secretive
missions and ensures their confidentiality by only giving limited chunks of information to each
memeber of the division. I was stationed as the primary medic, my "operation theatre" was a black
truck, slightly bigger than your average school bus, it was completely windowless, except for a
small window located near the drivers seat, describing the ingenuity of the vehicle goes beyond the
scope of this post, because frankly even I did not know what sorcery they managed to do, that the
vehicle stayed completely still even when at speeds beyond 150 km/h. All was good, until my first
case, the memory of which still haunts me to this day.

It was an average early morning, the medic truck was stationed not far from a millitary base beside
the grand canyon.

vastly remains undiscovered. This is what we set out to do, at the time, I was a millitary man,
serving for the REDACTED army as a medic, The closest family I had were my estranged parents and for
friends, I just had my batchmates. Looking back, this was probably the main reason I was offered to
work for the new project, funded by our government "Project altum" it was called. The aim of the
project was to explore the earth, the beautiful yet terrifying blue marbel that we call Earth, The
project in it's entirety was never revealed to us, infact we didn't even know who we were working
with, we were just told to follow instructions.
