---
title: "Short Story: What Thirst Makes of a Man"
date: 2022-08-22T19:34:21+05:30
draft: false
---

**Warning: may contain depictions of bodily harm and/or gore.**

***This story was written in response to [Set your story during a drought](https://blog.reedsy.com/creative-writing-prompts/thriller/set-your-story-during-a-drought/) on [reedsy](https://blog.reedsy.com/creative-writing-prompts/author/aadvik-p/)***

"O' my fellow men, we walk towards nirvana, but the path is jaded with hardships, don't be disheartened, for drinking water is not the way we shall achieve inner peace. O' my disciples, hear my cry and seek out those weaklings, those of the blood that can only by cured by us, O' my disciples, cure their impure blood, by making it flow through the divine sanctum that your body is, they shall suffer, they shall cry, but you must not astray from what you are doing, for it is the service to God, who provided us - us the members of the Mentis, the ability to quench our thirst with the blood of those who are weak, it is the purpose we are assigned, no matter how dire." Proclaimed the man - his face red with passion and lips red with blood, as he stood upon the cold carcasses of humans, humans of which he once used to be a part of.

The sun shone clear in the blue sky, the scene was depressing, what once used to be land of beauty had now been shed of it, devoid of any sane human life, and haunted by hollow men who claimed to be doing service to God by drinking the blood of those who came by. Thirst can make people go mad, people? no, even the gentlest of animals were now rabid beasts, slowly adapting to the new normal of ridding their prey of the blood to quench their thirst.

Metal hit the dry ground, as several shovels dug through earth, each manned by ones who still had their humanity left, hoping to find water - in any form, deep under the ground. Their progress was astounding, given how a group of 15 people, had been surviving upon 5 liters of water. The water was salvaged from the ruins that had been left. Pots and pans, wells and pits were what provided members of the Aqua the ability to quench their thirst of both water and hope. They had become meanderers of this land, taking about silence and choosing to communicate by sign language as to not strain their throats. The youngest one of the groups threw his shovel to the ground and, gestured "Too long no worth" everyone stopped their work and looked at their leader "soil damp water here little more" The boy sighed and continued his labor, followed by every other in the group.

"Have merci" whispered the old frail man, as the members of the Mentis surrounded him, wearing a white cloak with blood splattered all over it, "It is merci that we give you" said Boyd, who once was an outcast, declared insane by his people and cast out of his homeland, it was him who started the cult of Mentis, his eyes were wide with excitement, and his lips were curled into a vicious smile, his dark complexion and eyes gave him an evil aura. "Come forward, Neal", The newest member of the group moved forwards, with a dagger in his shaky hands, he didn't wish to be here, to be with these monsters, but it was the only way they would spare his life, he still hated himself for his cowardness, killing his friend, and giving into blood thirst just for these monsters to spare his life. A lump formed in his throat, as he plunged the dagger deep into the man's chest, the man lay now dead, with his mouth open, as blood sprayed all over like a fountain, all members rushed to get a sip, a gulp of the sweet, red nectar they had come to cherish, Neal stepped back, Boyd looked at him, with an evil grin, "God shall be pleased".

"YES!" Everyone in the group stopped what they were doing, and looked towards their leader, it had been months since they last heard him utter a word, His eyes were wide with glee, his hands went up, gesturing everyone to come closer, "Water" he gestured, everyone's face lit up, no longer would they have to drink water recycled from their own bodily fluids, no longer would they have to drink stale water riddled with infections and death, they looked at the ground, a thin stream reflected the sunlight, as if it were made of diamonds, they were overjoyed, they continued to dig, the stream widened, a small pond deposited over the pit they had dug, they all excitedly stepped into the cool water, splashing and dunking themselves into it, like they did back in their childhoods, the leader, Ilya, stood over his group, and lowered his canister to fill it with water, he then took a gulp, oh how sweet this nectar was, he cherished every bit of it.

"We will set camp here" said Ilya, looking over the pit - which had now turned into a pond "William, you gather woods, and make fire" "Shery, you, get the stuffs out", "They will come for what we have worked so hard for" concluded Ilya, William hacked away at the tree using his hatchet, Shery, helped by other members of the group unpacked their bags and setup a small hamlet. The fire burned as they all sat around it "What will we do next?" asked Lakey, "We will stay here, for now, this is the best place to be, we have plenty water, and some trees", Ilya said, and removed a small tin box from his pocket "We shall start growing food, for eating this meat born of blood thirst won’t be sustainable"

"I see smoke sire" whispered the hooded figure, Boyd smiled, envisioning his new prey "Yes, O' their folly, for inviting us to the dinner" he said, as the group marched across the sand towards the fire.

"Ahhh!" Resounded inside Ilya's tent as he was jolted awake by the shrill shouts of a woman, it was Shery. He strained his eyes and saw a silhouette of several figures, their heads hung low over the corpse, as if they were feeding off of it. Ilya took out his dirk dagger, and braced its handle against his chest, he pushed against the tent and ran towards one of the hooded figures, he plunged his dirk deep into the man’s stomach, the man, Neal, looked at him, his eyes flashed innocence shrouded with guilt, as he fell towards the ground. Ilya saw William hacking away, like he did with the tree at a tall man, Ilya was then tackled by a heavy woman, followed by a punch to his nose, Ilya was blinded lost all sense, but as he felt a sharp object cut through his arm, he kicked, kicked as hard as he could muster at the crazed woman, she fell backwards, her eyes filled with wildness, he kicked her again, this time on the face, and picked the dagger she had been using and sliced her neck. Ilya saw around, his heart fell as he saw several of his group laying lifeless. Boyd looked at him, and flashed an evil grin as he moved towards him, with dagger ready to stab Ilya. Ilya ran back, he was bleeding, him arm had been sliced, he took a look back at his encampment, he couldn't do anything, other than running away. he kept running, running and running, his head felt light and his vision blurred. He fell to the ground, a small cloud of dust flew around him, living his final moments in the cold desert. Tip tip tip, Ilya felt the droplets of rain hit his skin. He heard the light pattering of the rain hitting the ground, he got up on his knees and looked upon the sky to see what he had missed the most, a cloudy sky raining down pearls of life, he smiled, knowing things would get better.
