---
title: "Short story: a beautiful picture"
date: 2022-10-14T20:31:00+05:30
draft: false
---

The gargantuan 70 inch TV was the highlight of my new home, I’ve been quite lucky to have gotten this luxurious 1 BHK NYC apartment for a meagre 2000$ on rent; the owner had been an eccentric art dealer who, had splurged on this place but had hurriedly left for unknown reasons. He had been a friend of a friend and agreed to rent me, his place for a great price. Out of all the fancy couches and beautiful chandeliers the TV was what I found so striking, the big 70 inch, the screen was unlike any other I had seen, it was glossy and cold — as if it were made out of window glass. The remote was also unusual, only having a singular button, i pressed the butten and looked at the TV in anticipation. the blackness of the screen faded away and revealed an image, among a plain blue black drop stood that — it was a man or a woman? But whatever it was, it’s beauty was capturing, it’s eyes showed the depths of ocean, it’s skin as smooth as the desert sand, it’s muscular body radiated a sense of serenity and beauty, it’s lips were tinted with a light pink, like a garden of blooming azaleas. It was too overwhelming, too much for my mind to take in, so I turned the screen off.

I kept thinking about it, the eyes, the lips, the stark spotless body — it felt unnervingly perfect, perfection that was impossible to achieve and yet The TV showed me. I wondered what channel it were, was that a real being? Or was it some kind of animation — I skipped work, I skipped food, I just sat in front of the screen looking at the unmoving image on the screen. 

I was starved, my throat parched and my eyes sore from staring at that being. Since I had come here this was all I had done — what I failed to realise that there were a note kept below the remote, it said “the house is cursed by my finest art collection, I leave not on any business but to end this torture, for death only part me with the beauty of my finest art. I apologise for what I have given you” I looked up and saw the specimen move — it moved forward, looked into my eyes and shattered the screen that separated it and me with a punch. 
