---
title: "Short story: death by a thousand cuts"
date: 2022-10-14T20:31:00+05:30
draft: false
---

**Warning: may contain depictions of bodily harm and/or gore.**

Dread consumed me as I lay on the cold concrete floor, A lump formed in the back of my mouth trying to anticipate what tomorrow may bring; “Up! Weasel” commanded the phalanx. The rusted bars clanged loudly as he struck his baton against them, I placed my hand on the floor and made an attempt to stand, but a sharp pain in my ribs sent chills down my entire body and I felt face first onto the floor; the guard  struck the bar again, Louder this time. I took a deep breath and put my legs against the floor in an effort to get up, my headache was getting worse, to a point where it was hard to make out anything clearly. The guard handed me a stale loaf of bread, as I hungrily scarfed it down.

The metal door swung and creaked loudly as two guards made their way into my dingy cell, each took one of my arms and lifted me up; sunlight piereced my eyes as I was led onto a podium. People of various shapes, kinds and colour, each chanted for the traitor to be condemned. My hands were tied up using chains, the warm met dug into my skin. Three hooded figured waring a dark robe surrounded me, each armed with a dagger. “Let the death by a thousand cuts commence” a voice from above loudly proclaimed, the king along with his lady looked upon the podium.

The first cut — tears swelled up in my eyes as the blade dug into my bare skin , the metal dug just below my collar bone; blood trickled down my stomach, soacking the singular garment I had been given. I bit into my tongue in an effort to ease the pain, but it stung, each second felt excruciating, my wound felt as if it were pulsating — it hurt every second. But this was just the beginning I braced myself for what was to come.

The 50th cut — my breaths became rapid as my body helplessly tried to supply blood to the numerous cuts that had been heartlessly carved onto my skin. There were five on each of my arms, twenty around my shoulders and the rest were on my belly. They had been meticulous with each cut to make sure they weren’t deep enough to end me and not shallow enough to heal.

150th cut — it was hard to count now, numbers became a strange amalgamation of my memories and thoughts as my head felt light, at this stage my entire body was covered with dried chips of blood, the chants however were still as loud as they had been. What had I done to be given this cruel fate? Caring about the people who were now chanting for me to be tortured? They were too foolish — too blinded to understand the truth. All my life in learning the gospel, in knowing more than what they, the nobility showed us, had gone to vain. 

the sun scorched my skin, my throat felt dry and my eyes were droopy. Pain had become meaningless, each cut was just another drop in the sea of unimaginable pain, at this stage I was hoping for death to do it's part. I couldn’t take it any longer, I had run out of memories to remember and feelings to be felt, the maddening pain that once was agonizing, after two hundred cuts had become meaningless and I was dead and alive at the same time. All I had done was to reveal the truth. The reality. And is this how I was rewarded for it? Fine. I shall return. I shall return as the Christ, as the one above all of them. I will inflict upon them worse pain than the one that had been brought forth me. They will suffer on this doomed planet for years. Eons. Plagued with disease, hatred and wars. Man killing man. Brother stabbing brother. I shall return. I — the Christ shall return. 
