---
title: "Story: Infested"
date: 2022-08-09T19:39:28+05:30
draft: false
---

it was past midnight and I awoke with a start, I could feel something crawling
across my leg, I yanked the blankets and yelped as I saw a cockroach, about the
size of a bean on my bed, Disturbed and irritated by this, i made use of my
mobile to swipe the critter away from my mattress. This was strange since this
was my new home, and the previous owner had claimed that there wasn't an insect
problem in the house, regardless, I made a mental note to call pest control.
The next morning I awoke with the morning sunshine creeping through my
curtains. I sleepily made my way towards the kitchen and filled my self a glass
of water, as I gulped it down, I felt something solid touch my tongue, worse
of all _it was moving_, I instantly spit the water out, and I saw it, it was
another cockroach, it struggled for a few minutes on the floor and then swiftly
crawled to a crack in the wall. I was deeply disturbing by the grisly
occurrences I had since the past night; "The best we can come by is Monday, the
season's busy mister" said a heavily accented voice from the phone, "Alright,
just do what you can", I requested the pest control guy across the phone and
hung up. I didn't have much to do for the weekend, so I decided to do something
about the problem myself, armed with a broom, I started from the Store, as I
opened the door, the musty smell of detergent hit me, as I screened the corners
of the room, I found several cockroaches bunched up around a piece of bread, I
dissipated them using my broom and put them inside of a bag. The kitchen, as I
opened the first cupboard, the smell of rot penetrated my nose, several
cockroaches upon the door's opening crawled out of the cupboard into the
kitchen, After doing whatever I could, catching around 3 more of them, I
checked and found, what seemed to be a small piece of meat, which was odd since
I was a vegetarian and hadn't bought any meat, I repeated my ritual for every
door and cupboard, but other than my old watch that I thought was lost, and a
few roaches I didn't find anything of significance.

I slumped back on my couch, tired and slightly irritated by my pest seluthing
when I noticed something, two cockroaches, the size of my upper thumb, crawled
out from my bedroom, as I moved towards it, I saw one entering my room, I
followed it, turning on my bedroom lights to see that it was going somewhere
below my bed. "Strange" I thought, since my bedroom was pretty much the only
room in the house that was cleaned on a daily or on some days even hourly
basis, I bent down on my knees and looked under the bed, and I saw the
underside of my bed. Nothing special, I shined my phone torch and I noticed my
subject going inside a crack within the floor.

I pushed against my twin sized bed, it's wood made an awful screech as it was
dragged against the floor, the area below was marked by a clean perimeter of
dust and other gunk, I moved forward and tapped on the flooring, it made hollow
sound, it was now peaking my curiosity, why was there a hollow space bellow a
FLAT located on the second floor. Upon scanning the floor closely I discovered
a small handle, painted several times over, but still visible when a direct
light was shone over it, and I pulled it with all my might, with a creak the
trapdoor opened to reveal a horrifying sight, hundreds upon hundreds of
cockroaches were huddled around a corpse, a dead rotting corpse; the smell, I
am not sure if I can still get it out of my nose, a corpse lay beneath the
floorboards, inside what seemed to be a hollow space, with a singular trapdoor
separating me with this dead rotting corpse of an unrecognizable man, I
immediately started thinking about what the previous owner had said, wait, had
he left? As much as I tried, I couldn't remember him leaving, in-fact
everything after the moment keys were handed to me, was a blur, the picture was
starting to reveal itself - this man, was the one who rented me the house; I
knew the man, he was an ex; quitting that abusive relationship was part of the
reason I came to this city 8 years ago, and I had left that life behind, but it
looked like someone clearly hadn't.
