---
title: "Story: Minimalism"
date: 2022-07-09T21:33:57+05:30
draft: false
---

**Warning: may contain depictions of bodily harm and/or gore.**

"2:05 AM" It said on my phone, I sighed and continued to scroll through
YouTube's self-help page, looking greedily at each title and thumbnail as if they
would magically fill the gaping hole in my life. I was about to keep my phone
away when a particular video caught my attention, the thumbnail was all white
except for the word "Minimalism" strewn across in a old school serif font, title
echoed the thumbnail and the video was apparently uploaded an hour ago. Having
just looked at hundreds of colorful, eye-numbing thumbnails this one caught my
attention, and I clicked on the video. "Less is more" a deep yet pleasant voice
said, then the screen went black, I was awaiting some kind of jump cut but the
video just ended. I looked at the timestamps and sure enough the video was just 2
seconds long. "Well that hyped me up for no reason", disappointed, I disliked
the video, but since the video sat on 0 likes or dislikes the counter just
remained at 0. I went down to comments to find others sharing my views, but just
there were none. I then instinctively clicked on the channel the profile picture
of which was just a solid white background. The channel had no other content or
playlists, "What a waste" I remarked as I shut my phone and went back to sleep.

I found myself in a completely blank room, it had the color of nothingness, it
was bright yet had a dark undertone, I looked around frantically, trying to
satiate my mind, there was something about the tone, that off-white, bland,
vanilla tone that covered the void I was in, was driving me insane, every second
that passed felt excruciating, I closed my eyes, it was the same shade, I tried
to scream or to do anything but nothing happened, it was just silence, silence
despite being so, pierced my ears, I wanted to do something, anything, anything
that would take my mind off this void, I wanted to end this, end this torture
this hellish place, in fact I would have loved to see the fiery red that hell
would have had, anything but not white. I woke up with a jolt, sweat completely
enveloping me from the nightmare I had just experienced, "That was one heck of a
nightmare" I remarked as got up from my bed. I checked my mobile, "7:39" it
said, I went to the kitchen and downed an entire cup of water.

The morning sun had just started to shine through the blinds, I moved across the
room and let the morning sunshine bask my living room. "Alright, time for work"
I took a quick shower, got dressed and drove to work. As I arrived to my office,
I saw cardboard boxes being hauled out of the building into a truck, my boss
greeted me, "Oh chandler? I didn't expect you to come, we are downsizing, I
texted you as well" I checked my phone, and sure enough saw a notification,
after getting over the awkwardness, I made my back home, downsizing had reminded
me of the vide from the previous night _Less is more_. I unlocked my front door
and observed my living room, suddenly I felt claustrophobic, there was stuff
everywhere I looked around, it felt suffocating _Less is more_ the words of the
man from the video repeated in my mind, I couldn't take it, I hauled the couch
out of my door, I dragged it across the floor as I entered the elevator, I don't
know what kept me from not collapsing out of exaustion but I hauled that couch
out of my building and I just left it beside the bin. I returned to my flat, it
felt more open, but not enough.

It had been a long day, as I lay on my bed, every muscle in my body sore from
hauling the couch, dining table, my TV out of my flat, but I felt satisfied, but
it wasn't enough. The next day, I switched off my phone and continued my ritual,
this time, I got rid of the curtains, carpets, and various cabinets that were
kept in my room _Less is more_ I repeated as my living room was reduced to the
just the wooden flooring, I looked towards the kitchen, but not out of hunger as
I had not eaten anything since yesterday, but out of hate, hatred towards the
items that were kept there, the clutter that was invading me mental space, the
clutter that was suffocating me. I pushed the refrigerator across the living
room and opened the window, I knew what came next I lifted it up and pushed it
out the window a loud crash resounded, my house overlooked an old park so
hurting anyone wasn't a worry. I knew what to do next, crash after crash
resounded as I threw my cutlery, bowls, teapots, plates out my window, as I
threw my microwave out the window I heard a shout, I wished to stop, to check
out what at happened, but I didn't, I continued my rampage eventually emptying
out my entire pantry and then my entire kitchen, it looked empty, just like I
had hoped as the sun began to I eyed my bedroom, hunger to get rid taking over
me.

I lay on the cold flooring where once my bed was, it was uncomfortable, but I
was satisfied my entire house looked as it first came, empty; I could hear my
breaths echo _Less is more_

The next day as I woke up, the pleasant morning sun pierced my eyes, I looked
outside my window to see the vivid colors of autumn in front of me, I hated it,
I hated the colors, the cacophony of colors hurt my head, I knew what I had to
do, I went out and bought 4 canisters of white paint, I blocked out all my
windows and spent all day giving my entire flat a white wash, every where I
saw, it was white, just white but it felt good, I felt satisfied but It was
not enough, I could still hear the cars honking, people screaming, leaves
rustling, I shouted closing my ears, each noise felt like torture, I shut my
ears as tightly as I could, it was too much, I needed less, I looked at a piece
of wood in the corner of my room I picked it up and as I put it close to my ear
I remarked _less is more_.

I lay in middle of my room, my ears hurt, and everything was silent, tears
swelled up in my eyes, but not of sorrow or pain but of joy, _Less is more_ I
know what I had to do next however, this white was too much to look at, it
pierced my eyes, I hated looking around seeing white. The pain was unlike I had
ever experienced, but it was okay, as I stabbed through my eyes, my face was wet
with a mix of blood and tears but it was okay, I was sure of my blindness once I
could see nothing, it wasn't black or white it was nothing for I had no eyes. as
I lay unable to hear or see, I smiled, true joy encompassing me, If I had eyes I
would have cried I felt life begin to slip out of my body I thought for one last
_Less is truly more_
